good guys and girls talk about me
preferred title of this 3 2015 a
title for playstation 4 that I'm
sure he's going to mark he's going to mark a
before and after in the world of
videogames and not listen to me and attentive
because when the time comes you will say
If you said it, I 'll tell you
because to me sincerely this great game
that is looming this good this creation
guerrilla games captivated me from the
first moment at the first moment that
I'm going to show that I saw that sound
music the truth is that I knew I was
before something epic, well, let's go
talk about this horizon 0 down from
playstation 4 because after many
years with the same saga and style of
game guerrilla games has changed and in
this occasion brings us this horizon 0
down a world role and action title
open art director jean bart
Vandvik and the producer Lambert Mahler
have explained the difficulty of giving
jump like this the challenge was to pass
from a level that takes 45 minutes to a
time to make an experience that
you need to go to dozens of hours with
dozens of
to do, of course, the change is very
great for kids own
guerrilla good the solution that took
guerrilla was to hire people
experienced in this type of games
some of which were already known by
different résumés as people from
bethesda among which is the
screenwriter of fallout new vegas and cd
projekt red authors you already know of the
witcher good attentive because with
these developers and their experience
the game seems to be and they say textually
it's a machine that works where every
moment is fun no matter the way
to play this is a lesson that
we learned to avoid the same
errors that others take when making their
first open world game what
you want me to tell you guys and girls
I have full confidence in a game like
this horizon if I say it because when a
game gets you through the eyes from the
first moment I think that means
something and I sincerely with this
horizon has happened to me so I trust
100% in this open world title and
the truth
to be the first time we see the
game I saw it quite polished I trust a lot
in this title for playstation 4 to the
I do not know when it will finally arrive I do not know
what will be your publication date by me
as if it takes 3 years to arrive but that
arrive with the same quality as
we are seeing that we have seen it in
this e3 because I sincerely repeat for
I was one of the best things that
have shown in this e3 2015 of course
Playstation 4 promises with things like
these